[Music]
[Music] afterward Moses and Aaron went in and
afterward Moses and Aaron went in and
afterward Moses and Aaron went in and told Pharaoh thus says the Lord God of
told Pharaoh thus says the Lord God of
told Pharaoh thus says the Lord God of Israel let my people go that they may
Israel let my people go that they may
Israel let my people go that they may hold a feast to me in the wilderness who
hold a feast to me in the wilderness who
hold a feast to me in the wilderness who is the Lord that I should obey his voice
is the Lord that I should obey his voice
is the Lord that I should obey his voice to let Israel go I do not know the Lord
to let Israel go I do not know the Lord
to let Israel go I do not know the Lord nor will I let Israel go the God of the
nor will I let Israel go the God of the
nor will I let Israel go the God of the Hebrews has met with us please let us go
Hebrews has met with us please let us go
Hebrews has met with us please let us go three days journey into the desert and
three days journey into the desert and
three days journey into the desert and sacrifice to the Lord our God lest he
sacrifice to the Lord our God lest he
sacrifice to the Lord our God lest he fall upon us with pestilence or with the
fall upon us with pestilence or with the
fall upon us with pestilence or with the sword Moses and Aaron's why do you take
sword Moses and Aaron's why do you take
sword Moses and Aaron's why do you take the people from their work get back to
the people from their work get back to
the people from their work get back to your labor
your labor
your labor look the people of the land are many now
look the people of the land are many now
look the people of the land are many now and you make them rest from their labor
and you make them rest from their labor
and you make them rest from their labor so the same day Pharaoh commanded the
so the same day Pharaoh commanded the
so the same day Pharaoh commanded the task masters of the people and their
task masters of the people and their
task masters of the people and their officers you should no longer give the
officers you should no longer give the
officers you should no longer give the people straw to make brick as before let
people straw to make brick as before let
people straw to make brick as before let them go and gather straw for themselves
them go and gather straw for themselves
them go and gather straw for themselves and you shall lay on them the quarter of
and you shall lay on them the quarter of
and you shall lay on them the quarter of bricks which they made before you should
bricks which they made before you should
bricks which they made before you should not reduce it for they are idle
not reduce it for they are idle
not reduce it for they are idle therefore they cry out saying let us go
therefore they cry out saying let us go
therefore they cry out saying let us go and sacrificed or God let more work be
and sacrificed or God let more work be
and sacrificed or God let more work be laid on the men that they may labor in
laid on the men that they may labor in
laid on the men that they may labor in it and let them not regard false words
it and let them not regard false words
it and let them not regard false words and the taskmasters of the people and
and the taskmasters of the people and
and the taskmasters of the people and their officers went out and spoke to the
their officers went out and spoke to the
their officers went out and spoke to the people thus says Pharaoh I will not give
people thus says Pharaoh I will not give
people thus says Pharaoh I will not give you strong go get yourselves straw where
you strong go get yourselves straw where
you strong go get yourselves straw where you can find it yet none of your work
you can find it yet none of your work
you can find it yet none of your work will be reduced so the people were
will be reduced so the people were
will be reduced so the people were scattered abroad throughout all the land
scattered abroad throughout all the land
scattered abroad throughout all the land of Egypt to gather stubble instead of
of Egypt to gather stubble instead of
of Egypt to gather stubble instead of straw and the taskmasters forced them to
straw and the taskmasters forced them to
straw and the taskmasters forced them to hurry
hurry
hurry fulfill your work your daily quota as
fulfill your work your daily quota as
fulfill your work your daily quota as when there was strong also the offices
when there was strong also the offices
when there was strong also the offices of the children of Israel whom Pharaohs
of the children of Israel whom Pharaohs
of the children of Israel whom Pharaohs taskmasters had set over them were
taskmasters had set over them were
taskmasters had set over them were beaten and were asked why have you not
beaten and were asked why have you not
beaten and were asked why have you not fulfilled your task in making quick both
fulfilled your task in making quick both
fulfilled your task in making quick both yesterday and today as before then the
yesterday and today as before then the
yesterday and today as before then the offices of the children of Israel came
offices of the children of Israel came
offices of the children of Israel came and cried out to Pharaoh saying why are
and cried out to Pharaoh saying why are
and cried out to Pharaoh saying why are you dealing thus with your servants
you dealing thus with your servants
you dealing thus with your servants there is no straw given to your servants
there is no straw given to your servants
there is no straw given to your servants and they say to us make brick and indeed
and they say to us make brick and indeed
and they say to us make brick and indeed your servants are beaten but the fault
your servants are beaten but the fault
your servants are beaten but the fault is in your own people you are idle
is in your own people you are idle
is in your own people you are idle I thought therefore you say let us go
I thought therefore you say let us go
I thought therefore you say let us go and sacrifice to the Lord therefore go
and sacrifice to the Lord therefore go
and sacrifice to the Lord therefore go now and work
now and work
now and work I was straw shall be given you yeah you
I was straw shall be given you yeah you
I was straw shall be given you yeah you shall deliver and a quarter of bricks
shall deliver and a quarter of bricks
shall deliver and a quarter of bricks and the officers of the children of
and the officers of the children of
and the officers of the children of Israel saw that they were in trouble
Israel saw that they were in trouble
Israel saw that they were in trouble after was said you shall not reduce any
after was said you shall not reduce any
after was said you shall not reduce any bricks from your daily quota then as
bricks from your daily quota then as
bricks from your daily quota then as they came out from Pharaoh they met
they came out from Pharaoh they met
they came out from Pharaoh they met Moses and Aaron who stood there to meet
Moses and Aaron who stood there to meet
Moses and Aaron who stood there to meet them and they said to them let the Lord
them and they said to them let the Lord
them and they said to them let the Lord look on you and judge because you have
look on you and judge because you have
look on you and judge because you have made us abhorrent in the sight of
made us abhorrent in the sight of
made us abhorrent in the sight of Pharaoh and in the sight of his servants
Pharaoh and in the sight of his servants
Pharaoh and in the sight of his servants to put a sword in their hand to kill us
so Moses returned to the Lord Lord why
so Moses returned to the Lord Lord why have you brought trouble on this people
have you brought trouble on this people
have you brought trouble on this people why is it you have sent me for since I
why is it you have sent me for since I
why is it you have sent me for since I came to Pharaoh to speak in your name he
came to Pharaoh to speak in your name he
came to Pharaoh to speak in your name he has done evil to this people neither
has done evil to this people neither
has done evil to this people neither have you delivered your people at all